the gyro can experience it's amazing
that you're like you're so entrenched in
them yeah you seem like pretty pretty
together dude I think so I mean I kids
changed me I mean I got I got too young
I got a two year old and a five month
old and my wife changed me I mean I
never thought I'd get married I mean I
was living when I got on hoarders I was
living on a buddy's couch I was cleaning
up shit for 12 bucks an hour
literally shoveling shit for 12 years
now anybody would hire me look at dog
like people's dogs no people's houses
I'd go into a hoarder house and clean up
their shit with the show even yeah I was
I've been cleaning houses for four years
I hid when I hit rock bottom I mean I
literally lost everything I was living
on a buddy's couch for 200 bucks a month
and I couldn't come up with 200 bucks
the third month he was like dude you
know you're worth 30 men like you got a
you got it to something man I remember
I'll never talk to my old podcast I my
30th birthday I call I was engaged to
another girl and I realized her like my
life is a fucking joke like I can't pull
her into this and I got no business
being married and so I called off the
wedding like a month before I was
getting married
Wow and it was that was a hard decision
and I was living on my buddy's couch and
I was my 30th birthday which you know
was a milestone in your head and I said
and my mom's like well what do you want
it's been a hell of a year I was like I
need a pair of running shoes and I
couldn't afford I was trying to run a
marathon that year and I couldn't affair
board a pair of shoes to him I didn't
have money owed like a hundred grand in
credit cards and I mean it was scary
so I started cleaning up old ladies
houses how'd you get that job I
my dad died that the biggest thing
important thing in my life for me was my
dad dying when I was 24 and that changed
my life I mean my dad I was a fucking
asshole I was just a piece of shit all I
cared about was drinking gambling and
nailing women all three great things
don't get me wrong I mean my twenties
were really fun why do you stop at a
blast I really when you're talking to a
guy who spent a good deal of my youth in
pool halls
yeah so you mean a muscle I was hustling
gambling in attics yeah on a regular
basis let's see if it's you very very
common yeah I mean for me I didn't I
hadn't honed my hustle in the right
place I'm still a hustler I'm just doing
it on the buggy in a positive way
I never changed my him I'm just able
I've learned I'm able to make more money
in a positive way than I in a negative
way honey we don't talk like I talk they
don't say the things I say and I've
learned just being on brutally honest is
the best hustle there is well how did
you get into this environment were you
around like gamblers and how did all
this happen
well man I just I love at first time I
went to casino I fell in love with it
man
how old are you college this guy George
so that's when he became a gambling
addict yeah yeah this guy George Rome
and he had Tourette's really cool dude
he was a very confident guy he had
Tourette's but he didn't give a shit
it's like your problem that he had
Tourette's not his wow that's awesome
very confident guy and so I was like
very attracted was like man this is a
cool fucking guy right like he put it on
you he did not care that he had
Tourette's and he would get the hottest
chicks at school he's a really awesome
confident guy and I my dad always told
me he's like you're never gonna be the
best-looking guy you'll never be the
hardest-working guy you got to be the
most confident because I think that's
your only end like you got no other
value that I think broke you off no he
just was honest he said he's like you
know yeah you're not gonna be rich
you're not gonna be back here's a rule
is what it is and my dad got mad mad
women I mean he got and he was so ugly
but he just didn't he knew how to be
honest
he talked honest and he treated them
like he treated with respect and as a
women and so I learned a lot from him
but when my dad died I went to this
little place called comfort zone camp
it's a camp for kids that have lost
their dads and so I was in LA we helped
to build the LA camp and my wife and I
did my but I met her there and but we
helped build these camps with these kids
and all their dads at Biden died at
drive-bys so you meet all these 12 year
old kids that are going in you know
they're getting recruited by gangs
already because their dad's a party
they're 23 year old dads that you know
have been killed 25 dead so we learn I
mean I just grief was a huge part early
on and so for me like when I got out of
my really rock bottom and I realize it's
time to get going where I figured that
out the the doing good versus doing bad
was at this camp I would I got addicted
to that camp I volunteered every single
weekend and I would just made a go away
for three nights and hang out these kids
and that's when I got my new addiction
was then Wow it changed my life that
place changed mine I met my wife there
I came up a new business my business
clutter cleaner I came up with it
they're helping the
kids I met a lot of great women and met
my wife there so I mean I wouldn't have
what I have how did you pull yourself
out of the gambling spiral your city
from your saw ran like a fucking chicken
man I mean I got my ass kicked by a
bookie right and all night I owed 40
grand the night before I had $10 left to
my name I knew I owed this bookie was I
mean it was 40 grand and it was a lot I
knew I only had $10 in my pocket
my girlfriend was waiting for me I was
in Lake Tahoe she was waiting for me at
the top of the hill up at heavenly and I
was gambling all night I can't hide
Tendai what $5 in my mind I thought I
had $5 at the end of the night and I was
like I better put this down got to get a
cab ride home so I was giving up at five
dollars to my name and I owed 40 to the
bookie from 2000 yeah which for a
24-year old kid make it not making that
is a lot of money and so I put the chip
down Lost came out I had no my lost my
last dollar came out I had nothing and
it was like I got a fucking problem and
so I was looking at the cabbie and again
he's like the guy that drove me back
every night and he was like he looked at
me I was like I got no money man so I
started walking uphill five miles uphill
to the ski resort Tahoe is a very
awesome isolating place so it was a five
mile its incline road as we went up and
I'm walking up this thing and he came
and pick me up and he's like dude you
gotta you gotta get your life together
man you gotta quit gambling and everyone
is and I at that point I was still
judging people and I was like looking at
this I was like this poor stupid cab
driver no God knows what happened to him
but I was totally judging him right yet
he's saving me he's picking me up and so
I'm still treating this guy like in my
mind like a piece of shit and he picks
me up he dropped me off and I'm like can
I give you anything can I he's like to
just stop gambling
he looked at me like just fucking stop
and that's what we did you stop well and
I called my mom the next morning and
she's like you're on your own so then I
went I called the bookie and I was like
I don't know my do man I don't have
money and I'm this was like a movie he's
like no worries man everything's gonna
be fine we'll work it out
what do you have I think I might be able
to scrounge up a thousand dollars he
goes no worries come on down I'll meet
you down this afternoon so I was like
this isn't like movies at all this is
great this we're gonna work it out and I
went down he took the thousand bucks and
he beat the shit out of me broke my nose
I totally was just clueless and he just
broke my nose and beat
shit out of me that was my rock bottom
and I was like what the fuck am I gonna
do so I called around I called an old
boss and I told him what it and my mom
had already said you're on your own find
a legal way out and that was the night
where I put a lot of dumb shit on the
board and I was like I'll just be a
prostitute or I'll do whatever like I
was like oh you know I was like I can be
mentally strong I can figure this out
and I was lying to myself saying I can
figure this out Wow and so ended up an
old boss got me a job in Chicago and he
goes when can you get this was a Tuesday
night and he goes when can you get there
and I was like Friday because you start
Friday they're gonna pay off the bookie
but you're gonna have to work for a year
to pay they're gonna take it out peace
out every night Wow and I was like great
thank you and I literally my buddy I
didn't have money to get home so I had
to play poker that night borrowed 50
bucks from a buddy and played won enough
money playing poker to get gas money oh
my god and that's I drove home and never
gambled again really you just quit I
quit I ran away Irene I still run away I
still run away today I just don't I mean
like this is the worst week for me the
first the double-a tournament Oh
oh my god I love it you still watch it
oh yeah love it Wow no I just don't do
the sheets I delete all the emails I
just can't do the sheets wow that's
crazy
so you just love battling it every day
all right you know I don't sort of well
you have a handle on it yeah I mean I
gamble in eight years I don't really
eight years yeah I'm not kid I mean I
kids are just wearing me out now I'd
only have the effort for that kind of
stuff anymore does it still draw
everyone somewhere I guess at it yeah
everyone smile get that I got headed
this year I had a really bad itch and I
had a flight to Vegas to do a hoarders
episode and it wasn't even in Vegas I
just had a 3-hour layover and I was like
fuck yeah I'm going downtown and I got
excited and I hadn't had that itch in a
long time like I can drink I can smoke I
can do whatever because I can walk away
mm-hmm I can't walk away from the table
that's my way I don't know how to walk
away if I have a dollar or 10 grand
sometimes I can blow your special brain
chemistry whatever it is in your mind me
that's my that's hambling comes up you
just being that's my ultimate way of
shoving it to the man and like I'm
better than you I can do this yeah it's
a self-worth thing I was looking for
self-worth so again but how do you get
so fourths out of began for me that's
where it went man that I mean for you
you might get me where do you get your
self-worth
I get it try to think about it yeah my
new thing now is like I really know that
I'm making a difference on these
podcasts so I dig that I'm starting to
get it that's where I'm what is my rock
call the five decisions away five
decisions away and what is essentially
what is it well it's about it just
recounts all my mistakes over the last
15 years I was doing a hoarders we're in
New York City where this guy had a mask
he two-acre in Brooklyn a massive
property in Brooklyn this guy had
inherited from his dad it was at about
six feet of bicycles all the way through
the yard so an acre at 6 feet high think
of a metal the value of that metal was
probably under grand in metal and he had
a bum living in his yard so inside the
hoard there was a bum living there and
that was one of the things we had to
clean up way to get rid of the bum so I
was literally I mean this is two years
ago I'm sitting here in a in Brooklyn
hanging out with this bum his name was
Gregory I'll never forget him and I was
I and this is the cool thing about
hoarders I get to meet all these dudes
right and I was like all right Gregor
head you end up here man because he had
I mean he had a bunch of like 40 ounces
he had a bunch of in a bunch of these
Magnum condoms and so I was like fuck
yeah this guy's getting more ass than I
am and he lives in a shack you know
speakers that he was huffing I didn't
realize it was hot he was just huffing
gasoline huffing gasoline yeah condoms
yeah they would fill up the condoms and
then with the fumes and nuts you want to
talk about a job that must keep you
grounded in the possibilities of reality
not necessarily your reality but the
willies every Ennis that's that's what
we hang with five decisions away because
back to we didn't finished it that bum
sitting in the yard I asked him how he
got there and he goes oh I was a
stockbroker I was like get out of here
whoa and I'm like he's there he's full
of shit or this is real so I went with
it you know and I was like what do you
mean you were starting he goes I was a
stockbroker and a girl broke my heart
and I go you're telling me you're living
in this guy's yard because a girl broke
your heart he was well I got addicted to
crack too but the girl broke my heart
and I was like yeah the crack might have
something to do with it yeah but he
lived in a fucking shack and I looked at
the camera and I go I guess we are all
really five decisions away from shit in
the bucket yeah Wow and and that just
stuck and when I said that it people ran
with it and I'm clearly five had many
five decisions away from shitting in a
bucket and I mean couple things
different happened and my life could've
been totally yeah
95 to be one it's bad